some internet so guys I'm Josh I'm Josh
and today we're going to teach you how
to thank you big spoon yeah we are
so the fakie big spin is it's a pop
shuvit and morning mix together yeah go
think before you try and learn thank you
big sense make sure you're comfortable
and half caps and shove it so the Figge
shove with the fakie 180 so the board is
gonna spin 360 all you spin 180 and then
you win and right away regular it's
extremely simple it sounds complicated
but you do it okay I can do it for the
fakie big spin you guys can either pop
it or roll it most people just roll it
like myself because popping it is
extremely hard when you're going fast
but if you do pop it looks better but
all you have to do is roll it here's an
example of a pop that you bigspin I was
amazing
you're gonna put your back foot on the
back pocket of the board kind of like
you're doing
shove it your front foot is gonna be in
the front of the board either between
the front bolts and just the middle of
the board
it's actually personal preference as to
how much angle and how much toe or heel
you hang off so really just mess around
with it and see which feels more
comfortable for you spin their body you
want to just shoulders and your body
around all the way and most importantly
to all you ladies out there I'm gonna
man up do it another common mistake just
look in the board control set you just
gonna want to make sure your shoulders
are balanced and not need to follow the
nose okay so you're gonna wind your body
up and as you're unwinding you're gonna
jump and wait for the board to spin 270
or 360 and just kind of jump on to it
some people don't rotate the full thing
they kind of land 180 and then pivot it
it's not too hard to do you just have to
want your body enough and when you lay
they'll have the momentum going it'll be
real simple
so this is Rene Serrano and I'm going to
teach you how to frontside today
first off you're gonna have to learn all
these or needs this is how you threw
your feet when you're about to lose at
the 60